Time to get our added page or edit recipe page to be able to well edit recipes and not just to create
ones to teach it this new trick I will go to the EDID recipe typescript file and we have to start in
the entry on a method.
This is where we initialize the form and we have to initialize it differently depending on whether we're
in an edit mode or in new mode.
Well we're actually initializing and initialize for a method to your.
But we're extracting the mode here and now we need to check if the mode actually is added.
Remember I'm passing edit here as the mode in the recipe that this file if the mode is added.
But then we should also extract and store the recipe in the index right.
So let's add a recipe property year which is of type recipe of course.
Make sure to add does import.
It's an undefined at the beginning.
And I also want to store the index of that recipe which has a number.
You could of course also store this all in one property which stores an object whatever you prefer.
Now in this if block here I will set the recipe equal to well the recipe extract from their parents
and I know that it will be present in their parents because the moders edit.
This is why I have to check.
And here I simply get my recipe.
This will then retrieve this property which I pass here in the object or which you find your object
we pass with the push Meffert and then I also want to retrieve the index.
So let's do this in the next line here.
I will quickly fetch the index via Neph parents of that and retrieving that extra information which
we can now use in initialize for and to change the way we initialize the form.
So let's scale down there.
Here in initialize form what does change.
If we're in edit mode.
Well the thing which changes are default values now.
Now medium and empty array.
That's not true with reediting a recipe.
Instead we should then get the actual values.
So I will define some variables here.
Title for example which is null initially or a description which is null.
So these are the default values for the new mode then difficulty which will be medium so all the default
values I'm using right now but now stored in variables also ingredients will simply be an empty array.
Now if that I can simply use those variables and use them down there to initialize my default values.
Now if that of course right now we haven't changed anything except for that we now have more lines of
code but we gained extra flexibility between the definition of those variables and the usage year.
I can change them and I want to change them but the mode is added.
If I'm in added mode right.
In this case I want to override the default values.
In this case I want to say title is of course the title of the recipe extracted recipe title.
Remember this recipe is the property I'm extracting and engine in it here from their parents.
So does the actual select recipe and that will do the same for all those settings for all those items.
This recipe description is of course assigned to destruction.
The difficulty is also retrieved this recipe.
The difficulty and the ingredients.
Well the ingredients can also be retrieved.
However there I don't say this recipe ingredients because remember ingredients is an array of ingredients.
Following this model with a name and an amount.
However here an EDID recipe I need this for a form Airey and desiré I need form controls not my ingredient
items.
Therefore this is wrong and will not work.
I don't need my model here.
I need an array of form controls so instead I will create a for loop where I loop through all the ingredients.
Extracting the individual one and storing it in this variable of this recipe ingredients all through
all my ingredients in this recipe and for each ingredient I will push it to this empty array.
I set up here so this ingredients array up here is now being used hearable push a new form control because
again this is what form array expects a form control and this control is initialized with a default
value which is ingredient name and it will also receive the required validator of course because it
must not be empty like this.
So with this I am initializing those values or I'm overwriting those values in added mode.
Fetching the actual values.
And with this new recipe form should now be initialized correctly.
Well let's see this in action by saving this letting it recompile and then creating a new recipe and
then editing it or go to the recipes tab loaded here.
Create my Schnitzler again which you know it is tasty and easy let's say I want to change a lot here
so that we can see it gets loaded correctly at the French fries.
And let's also add another item you're the meat and where there is a new recipe.
And now if I clicked on it and click Edit it loads it here and this looks pretty good to me.
These are the values I entered before.
If I remove the here the button gets disabled because it's now no longer valid.
However of course if I click here I'm not editing it I'm creating a new one because we haven't changed
the onset method yet.
Let's do this as a next step.